README.md, before:

# tester

<img width="650" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8975114/83311624-9b562f00-a1c4-11ea-9716-92cd3c455b9e.PNG">


An experimental test runner with no runtime dependencies. This program should be run from the root of a dart project containing `pubspec.yaml`. By default, it will run all files in `test/` ending in `_test.dart`. It also accepts multiple positional arguments for one or more individual test files.

```
bin/tester

// Or

bin/tester test/a_test.dart test/b_test.dart
```

Currently this runner can execute Dart, Dart Web, Flutter, and Flutter Web tests using `--platform`. By default, it runs `dart` tests, which corresponds to the dart vm. Other options are `flutter`, `web`, and `flutter_web`. Neither of the web options work when running in AOT mode.

```
bin/tester --platform=dart test/dart_test.dart
bin/tester --platform=flutter test/flutter_test.dart
```


This tool requires the Flutter SDK to be on the path. Running Web or Flutter Web tests requires Chrome to be available, and Flutter Web additionally requires that web is enabled in the Flutter SDK with:


```
flutter config --enable-web
```

By default, tester runs all tests and then exits. It can also be configured with `--watch`, and will rerun any updated tests and stay resident.

### Coverage

Code coverage can be measured by passing --coverage (batch-mode only for now). This requires a `lcov` executable to be installed. On windows, this can be done by done fairly easily by downloading Perl and the lcov source (lcov is a giant Perl script).

Commit message:

remove requirement for lcov executable

README.md, after:

# tester

<img width="650" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8975114/83311624-9b562f00-a1c4-11ea-9716-92cd3c455b9e.PNG">


An experimental test runner with no runtime dependencies. This program should be run from the root of a dart project containing `pubspec.yaml`. By default, it will run all files in `test/` ending in `_test.dart`. It also accepts multiple positional arguments for one or more individual test files.

```
bin/tester

// Or

bin/tester test/a_test.dart test/b_test.dart
```

Currently this runner can execute Dart, Dart Web, Flutter, and Flutter Web tests using `--platform`. By default, it runs `dart` tests, which corresponds to the dart vm. Other options are `flutter`, `web`, and `flutter_web`. Neither of the web options work when running in AOT mode.

```
bin/tester --platform=dart test/dart_test.dart
bin/tester --platform=flutter test/flutter_test.dart
```


This tool requires the Flutter SDK to be on the path. Running Web or Flutter Web tests requires Chrome to be available, and Flutter Web additionally requires that web is enabled in the Flutter SDK with:


```
flutter config --enable-web
```

By default, tester runs all tests and then exits. It can also be configured with `--watch`, and will rerun any updated tests and stay resident.

### Coverage

Code coverage can be measured by passing --coverage (batch-mode only for now). This
is currently only supported on dart and flutter platforms, and not web or flutter_web.
